What is Di ( Dependency Injection) ?
What are types of dependencies injection?  //Which one do you prefer and why ?
What is Inversion  of control ?
What is spring container?
Serialization and why you have used it ? ( he will go deep in this topic)
What is a singleton ?  How do you make a class singleton ?
Design patterns -> Factory , session, session factory,proxy,template method , Prototype.
What is a bean ?
What is Application context ?
Controller vs RestController ?
Deadlock ?
Righ Join and a scenario  to write sql query using right join ?
How to improve the performance of sql query for fetching data ?
Normalization forms ? (only 3 of them ) ((talk about normalization forms and tell spring boot is built  based on the idea of normalization.)
Transactions ? @Transaction and scenario how u use it ?
Stored procedure ?
Triggers and example ?
How to improve the performance of sql query for fetching data ? (talk about indexing(aanotation @Table(@index( column Name))) )
In exception handling with multiple catches which one will be executed first ?
Checked and unchecked exceptions and how to deal with unchecked exceptions ? 
How does spring handle multiple environments?
Springboot autoconfiguration ?
(Important) Multithreading (extending threadand implementing runnable) you should also know how spring boot handle many requests . 
Async vs sync vs blocking vs  unblocking ?
Collection vs Collections ? He asked me what collection you  have used you should know that collection interface extends
List queue set (set extends sorted set ) and list implements arraylist,vector linkedlist. Queue implement linkedlist and priorityqueue.
SetImplements (Hashset linkedhashet and treeset). Also he asked me about what method you have used from class collections .
Features of java 8 ? he will ask you about streams why  we use streams and not loops and stuff like these .
Object oriented Programming :
What do you understand with abstraction ?
Encapsulation ?
Polymorphism ?
Inheritance (interface multiple inheritance and how do you handle two methods with the same name (using super keyword)) 
interface ?
how to create an immutable class and can we extend it(say no it may change the state)?
abstract class (following up question are you required to override abstract methods  if you extend that class ) ?
associations ?
override and overload ? give examples ?

If you applying for full stack  you will face  : (My case reactjs questions and js )
closures  in js ?
hoisting in js (u should talk about "var" let and const)?
... operation in js(shallow copy) ? 
How virtual dom works in react and what is it ?
Class component and functional component  difference ?
After that he is gonna ask you about  hooks in react ( context ,usestate ,useeeffect etc)
Life cycle in react (componenctdidmount componentwillmount,componentwillupdate , componentdidupdate)
Libraries you have used in react ? (lodash,bootstrap,jquery, axios, redux) added to this question-->
what you have used for testing  ?  I said Jest
what about springboot  ? i said restassured . He gave me a scenario=>how to test a controller.

If the interviewer is senior he will ask you about web socket and flux ? And will provoke ( you should know Spring Data JPA is not reactive yet
Spring Data Mongo is reactive)

There was no question  for me about HIBERNATE.He may ask just what is ORM ?


